# get_cookies module

This module is able to output a list of the most active cookie given a timestamped list of cookies and a target date.

This module contains the CookieGetter class with all the methods needed to return 
the most active cookies for a given date. Though some default variables are provided
so the file can be run, this module is intended to be imported by the 
‘most_active_cookie.py’ file where the CookieGetter class is instantiated.


### class get_cookies.CookieGetter()
Bases: `object`

Output a list of the most active cookies given a timestamped cookie log file and a target date.


#### filter_list_on_dates(cookie_list, dates)
Return a List of all cookies that appear on the specified date(s).

Inputs:
A List of cookies and datetime formatted as: ‘cookie,YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss:TZD’.  
A List of dates. Note: This may be a singleton List.

For each cookie in the List, the cookie is included if the corresponding date is 
contained in the List of dates.  Else, the cookie is excluded from the output.  
Split the strings on ‘,’ to separate cookie from datetime. Then split the datetime
on ‘T’ to separate date from time. Use strptime() function to convert the parsed date
to a datetime.date object for comparison with input dates. 
Function is resilient to malformed input data, skipping any such lines.


* **Return type**

    `List`[`str`]



#### get_cookie_frequencies(log)
Return a dict with each cookie and the number of times it occurs.

As input, take list of filtered cookie log entries.
Split each string on the comma in accordance with formatting.


* **Return type**

    `Dict`



#### get_max_value_in_dict(hashmap)
Return the maximum frequency given a dictionary of frequencies.

Input is a frequency hashmap as generated by get_cookie_frequencies().  
This function requires that all values in Dict be numerical.


* **Return type**

    `int`



#### get_most_active_cookies(cookie_list)
Return the most frequently occuring cookies given a list of cookies with frequencies.

Call the get_cookie_frequencies().  
Pass the result to get_max_value_in_dict().  
Return a list of cookies with frequencies equal to max_frequency.


* **Return type**

    `List`[`str`]



#### main(log_file, date_strings)
Given a cookie log file and a list of dates, output a list of the most active cookies on a specified date.

Convert date strings to datetime.date objects.  
Read log file and store each entry in a list.  
Reduce the list of cookies to cookies that occur on target date.  
Return the most common cookie(s) which occur on target date(s).  
In the event of FileNotFoundError, log an error message.


* **Return type**

    `List`[`str`]



#### print_list(list_)
Print elements of list on separate lines.


* **Return type**

    `None`



#### read_file_to_list(file_name)
Read log file and return a List containing the entries.

Input string is the name of the log file. The log is read and converted to a
List with each element representing a line of text from the file.  
Trailing whitespaces and the newline character are removed from the strings.


* **Return type**

    `List`[`str`]



#### string_to_date(date_string)
Convert a string to a datetime.date object.  Returns a datetime.date.

Input must be a string and a valid date in YYYY-MM-DD format.  
Includes some error handling in the event that the input is in wrong format
or is of wrong data type.  In either event, return type is None.


* **Return type**

    `datetime`
